# Sagas New Combat Documentation
1: Vibro-blades, Scan
5: Kick, throw, punch
10: Blasters, Rescue
15: Mount
20: Force Pikes, Dodge, Unarmed
25: Disarm, Second attack
30: Bowcasters, Launchers
35: Enhanced Damage, Dual Wield, grip
50: snipe, bash, gouge
65: Advanced Unarmed, Mine
80: Third Attack
100: Fourth Attack, Hitall
150: Fifth Attack

Prestige Classes
Commando
Martial Arts Master
Vanguard

Elite Classes
Officer
Ground Pounder
Trainer

Commando - Purpose: Combat Specialists Soldiers
Just Hit - When using a weapon in close combat, your accuracy is increased by 15%
vibro-blade Mastery - You are a master of vibro-blades and your damage and accuracy is increased by 10%. (Stacks)
blaster mastery - you are a master of all kinds of blasters and your damage and accuracy is increased by 10%. (Stacks)

Martial Arts Master - Purpose: Unarmed Commando
Unarmed Mastery - You are a master of unarmed strikes and your accuracy and damage is increased by 10% when unarmed
Always Armored - You are most safe without any armor at all. When not wearing any armor your AC is increased by 500.
Specialized Training - You have been trained in a specialized form of martial arts. Your damage is increased by an additional 10%.

Vanguard - Purpose: Tank
Armored Shell - When wearing armor damage is reduced by 10%
Bolster - Your AC is increased by 10%. This applies further damage reduction.
Armor Mastery - All armor you wear increases your health by 500 and receives an additional 5% AC. This stacks with Bolster.

Officer - Purpose: Provide planet wide bonuses (Meant for clans)
Infonet - You provide information to your allies on the planet. All clanmates on the planet get +10% accuracy. Once an hour.
Rally - All clanmates on the planet recover 10% health and move. This can only be used once an hour.
Dropships - Dropships engage and allies land on the planet. All clanmates on the planet instantly receive a clan guard ally. This can only be used once an hour.

Ground Pounder - Purpose: The ultimate combatant
Toughness - Health permanelty increased by 1000
Breakfast Nails - So tough you eat nails for breakfast. Damage of any kind from you increased by 10%.
Dodge Mastery - Increase your chance to dodge by 15%

Trainer - Purpose: Increased training of others
Enhanced Teach - when you teach someone a combat skill, they will learn it to 99%
Drill Sergeant - If you're in a group with others, their exp gain in combat is doubled
Apprentice - You can pick someone to specifically study under you. This person receives an additional 10% to all combat xp gains and learns skills much faster
