# Sagas new Piloting Documentation
1: Navigation, Ship Systems, Small Spacecraft
2: Weapon Systems
25: Space combat 1, Barrel Roll
30: Tractor Beams
40: Medium Spacecraft
45: Space Combat 2, Juke
50: Bomb
75: Large spacecraft
80: Bombard
95: Dropships
100: Space Combat 3
150: Ship Dodge

Prestige Classes
Dogfighter
Line Captain
Vehicle Operator - Not in Yet

Elite Classes
Ace
Commander
Vehicle Expert - Not in Yet

Dogfighter - purpose: fights in medium to small ships
Move it - You're an expert at utilizing the speed advantage you have over larger ships. Your chance to dodge any ship larger than you increases by 10% per size increase. So a small ship is 20% more likely to dodge fire from a large spacecraft and 10% more likely to dodge fire from a medium craft.
Full Stop - Sometimes it's effective to stop short and force enemies past you. Using this skill instantly sets your speed to 0 for a tick, this can be used to avoid missiles and rockets and also propel enemy pilots past you.
Accuracy - Laser/ion accuracy is increased by 15%

Line Captain - purpose: Capital ship Expert
Power Gird Expert - You can manipulate the power grid of your ship in subtle ways to compensate for situations. Used by typing powergrid <syste> it provides variable bonuses based on system. These bonuses last until they are changed. Note that usage of this command will immediately take 250 fuel from your current fuel. 
	engines - +15% max speed 
	hyper - +15% max hyperspeed
	weapons - +15% damage on lasers/ions
	computers - +15% accuracy on lasers/ions
	radar - radar range increased by 15%
	none - cancel all adjustments
Turbolaser Maserty - when firing turbolasers, you are 15% more accurate and do 5% more damage on hit. (why not 10 or 15!? Because they already do a crap ton of damage)
Energy Conservation - When you fire weapons, they take 50% less energy to fire.

Vehicle Operator - Purpose: BEtter with vehicles
No use defining this until I put in vehicles

Ace - Purpose: Expert dogfighter
recharge - this command will redirect some of your fuel to instantly restore 50% of shields. It costs 10% of remaining fuel. not to be used lightly.
quad blasters - You get access to special tech. All small to medium ships you pilot are assumed to have quad rotating lasers/ions which translates to 15% more damage from lasers/ions.
Never get Hit - Move it is now a flat bonus of 30% to dodge attempts against any size ship

Commander - Purpose: Capital Ship Expert
Tactical Mastery - You can bolster clanmates ships in the same system, regardless of size, and increase their accuracy and damage by 5%. This will not stack. Don't bother having multiple commanders use this.
Focus Fire - You designate a target. All allies who attack this target are fed up to the date targeting data and gain 25% accuracy against it.
Hyperretreat - You are overly skilled in retreating into a hyper lane. Once per 24 hours you may instantly hyper away regardless of being too close to other objects in space.

Vehicle Expert - Purpose: Vehicle Expert
No use defining this until I put in vehicles